In Github, create a new repository named "my-learning-app", with README enabled and choose Python as the .gitignore template.

It is always a good practice to setup Python virtual environment for the project. The following steps will init the local repository, setup Python.

```
git clone <my-learning-app remote repo url>
cd my-learning-app
python -m venv .venv
.venv\Scripts\activate
```

Remember activate Python virtual environment every time when start to work on this project.

For frontend, we'll use **Vite+React+Tailwaid**.

Vite is a build tool that running in local host for building web application. React is a JavaScript library for building UIs for web applications. Tailwind is a CSS framework for building websites. The following will install all of them:

Install Vite with React:

```
cd my-learning-app
npm create vite@latest
```
Setup it with the following content:

>Project name: frontend
>
>Select a framework: React
>
>Select a variant: Javascript


A folder named "frontend" is created under repo root folder. To instanll Tailwind and verify if Vite is working:

```
cd frontend
npm install tailwindcss @tailwindcss/vite
npm install @tailwindcss/postcss postcss
npm run dev
```
Access http://localhost:5173/ to see if a web page with Vite and React logo is displayed.

For backend, we'll use uvicorn to host the backend server:

```
pip install uvicorn
```

Create a folder "backend" under repo root folder.

**From now on our frontend web application code will be organized in folder "frontend", and backend code will be organized in folder "backend".**

To start backend server, add the following folder and file:

**backend/app/main.py**:
```
from fastapi import FastAPI

app = FastAPI(title="my-learning-app API")
```

And run command in folder "backend":

>uvicorn app.main:app --reload --host 0.0.0.0 --port 8000

Check if server can start on port 8000 without any issue.

After this tutorial, when anytime we need to launch the application, we can start backend and then frontend servers:

>cd backend
>
>uvicorn app.main:app --reload --host 0.0.0.0 --port 8000

>cd frontend
>
>npm run dev