Now we start to deploy the web application in AWS. We'll choose to deploy our Docker containers to Elastic Container Service. ECS provides support for running container applications.

First we need to setup account and AWS CLI. After creating AWS account and installing AWS CLI in our local host, go to Console, navigate to **IAM --> Users --> Create user**.

Create a user named **my-local-user**.

In the next page, click **Create group**, create a group with name **my-user-group**, search for permission **AdministratorAccess** and add to this group. Choose this group as the user group for the new user.

After user created, click on the user name. In the user page, switch to tab **Security credentials**, scroll to **Access keys** and click **Create access key**.

Choose **Command Line Interface (CLI)** as the use case. After creation, the web page will show **Access key** and **Secret access key**. Save them for later use.

Now go to our local host command line console and prepare to setup AWS CLI:

>aws configure
>
>AWS Access Key ID [None]: \<Access key created above\>
>
>AWS Secret Access Key [None]: \<Secret access key created above\>
>
>Default region name [None]: ap-northeast-3
>
>Default output format [None]: \<leave it blank\>

To verify if AWS CLI can now works, run command:
>aws sts get-caller-identity

Make sure user info can be displayed.

Before we go to next tutorial to start using AWS, there are something need to mention:

1. We try to give minimum access permission to any of the services that will be used. This may increse configuration steps but it is always a good practice for security consideration. It also help us to learn more AWS concepts.

2. I'll use **ap-northeast-3** region throughout the turotials. You can choose your favorite one.

3. All the services in the rest of the tutorials run in the same VPC. A VPC (Virtual Private Cloud) is a private network that runs our service in an isolated environment. After we create AWS account, a default VPC is created. Navigate to **VPC --> your VPCs** and you'll see it. Edit it by give it a name **my-vpc**. I'll use it throughout the tutorials.

