The security and network connectivity are now ready. We can proceed to ECS service creation. Navigate to **ECS --> Clusters --> my-learning-app-cluster --> Services**, click **Create**, fill in the following:

>Task definition family: my-backend-task
>
>Service name: my-backend-task-service
>
>Compute options: Capacity provider strategy
>
>Capacity provider: FARGATE
>
>Desired tasks: 1
>
>Networking --> Security group: choose **Use an existing security group**, select  **BACKEND_SG**.
>
>Public IP: disable it

Click **Create**, wait for the service creation.

To check if service is launched correctly, we can navigate to **ECS --> Clusters --> my-learning-app-cluster --> Services --> my-backend-task-service**. Task should be in Running status. Switch to tab **Events**, read the task deploy messages and find if there is any issue. Switch to tab **Logs**, we can see the print messages from our source code. Check for any issue found in running backend application.

Whenever we find any issue that is preventing service running correctly, we can first stop it. Click **Update service**, change the **Desired tasks** to 0 and click **Update**. This would stop ECS from trying to launch task repeatedly.

After we fix issues we can relaunch the service: click **Update service**, for the **Task definition revision**, if we have updated the task definition, then select the latest version from drop-down list. Then change the desired task to 1 and click **Update**. ECS will launch a new task.

Also remmeber to always set desired task to 0 when you are not using the service. Otherwise you will be charged for the running ECS service.