Now let's begin to create frontend service. First, as usual we must create a Security Group for this service. Navigate to **EC2 --> Security Groups --> Create security group**, fill in the following:

>Security group name: FRONTEND_SG
>
>Description：security setting for frontend service

The frontend service needs to access port 8000 on backend service. It also needs to pull image from ECR registry and access CloudWatch for logging. So add two outbound rules:

>Port range: 8000
>
>Destination: select **BACKEND_SG**
>
>Description: allow access to backend service

>Type: HTTPS
>
>Destination: 0.0.0.0/0
>
>Description: allow access to ECR and CloudWatch

We also need to update Security Group ECR_SG. Check its inbound rules, it only has one rule to allow backend service access it. So we need to add one inbound rule:

>Type: HTTPS
>
>Source: select **FRONTEND_SG**
>
>Description: allow access from frontend service

Repeat this same configuration for **CLOUDWATCH_SG**, add one inbound rule to give frontend access to CloudWatch.

Then we are going to create the task definition.

Navigate to **ECS --> Task definitions --> Create new task definition**. Fill in the following:

>Task definition family: my-frontend-task
>
>Launch type: AWS Fargate
>
>CPU: 0.5 vCPU
>
>Memory: 1 GB
>
>Task execution role: select ecsTaskExecutionRole
>
>Contianer name: frontend
>
>Image URI: click **Browse ECR images**, choose **my-learning-app-registry**, select image **my-frontend-latest**, and click **Use image tag**
>
>Container port: 80
>
>Port name: frontend-port
>
>Log collection: enable **Use log collection**

To create the service, navigate to **ECS --> Clusters --> my-learning-app-cluster --> Services --> Create**, fill in the following:

>Task definition family: my-frontend-task
>
>Service name: my-frontend-task-service
>
>Compute options: Capacity provider strategy
>
>Capacity provider: FARGATE
>
>Desired tasks: 1
>
>Networking --> Security group: choose **Use an existing security group**, select  **FRONTEND_SG**.
>
>Public IP: disable it

After service start to run, wait for some time, and check if service is in Running status without showing any issue.