Until now our application is running fine with two ECS services for frontend and backend. But we can not access the application from public network. This can be achieved by using Application Load Balancer and Target Group.

An Application Load Balancer (ALB) is a internet-facing service that is accepting incoming HTTP/HTTPS traffic. And a Target Group tells ALB where the traffic send to. We'll create both of them, let ALB manage internet traffic and send to the frontend service.

First create a Target Group. Navigate to **EC2 --> Load Balancing --> Target Groups --> Create target group**, fill in the following:

>Choose a target type: IP addresses
>
>Target group name: frontend-tg
>
>Protocol: HTTP

Click **Next**, skip **Register targets**, and click **Create target group**.

Before creating Application Load Balancer, again we need to first define a Security Group for it. Create a Security Group with following configuration:

>Security group name: ALB_SG
>
>Description: allow internet traffic
>

Add two inbound rules for HTTP (port 80) and HTTPS (port 443). Since we expect accepting traffic from internet, make the Source address to be 0.0.0.0/0. HTTPS support will be added in later tutorial.

We also need to update rule for frontend Security Group since we are going to let frontend accepting traffic from a ALB.

Update FRONTEND_SG, add one inbound rule:

>Type: HTTP
>
>Source: ALB_SG
>
>Description: allow traffic from ALB

Now navigate to **EC2 --> Load Balancing --> Load Balancers --> Create load balancer**, fill in the following:

>Load balancer types: choose Application Load Balancer, and click **Create**
>
>Load balancer name: my-learning-app-alb
>
>Scheme: Internet-facing
>
>Availability Zones and subnets: choose all subnets
>
>Security groups: ALB_SG
>
>Routing action: Forward to target groups
>
>Target group: frontend-tg

To apply ALB, we are goint to update frontend service. Go to my-frontend-task-service and click **Update service**. Scroll to **Load balancing**, enable **Use load balancing**. Click **Add Load Balancer**, fill in the following:

>Load balancer type: Application Load Balancer
>
>Load balancer: my-learning-app-alb
>
>Listener: HTTP:80
>
>Target group: frontend-tg

To verify internet access, navigate to **EC2 --> Load balancers --> my-learning-app-alb**. Find its DNS name, access it from a web browser by using HTTP. Now we could see and use our web application from public network.